
# UNLV intake forms

## This project was built with Sinatra Bootstrap

[Check it out!](https://github.com/adamstac/sinatra-bootstrap)

## What is the purpose of UNLV Intake?

This app allows student attorneys at the student clinic of the Boyd Law School at UNLV to:

* Authenticate with their Clio account
* Access the proper intake interview
* Record answers to the interview
* Post the contact, matter and task into Clio.

## How do I get started? 

First things first, you need to get acquainted with [Clio's API](http://api-docs.goclio.com/v1/index.html#authorization-with-oauth-2-0). Make sure you sign up for an account and create a Clio application. You should have an App Key and an App Secret.

Next, download this repo this repository to your computer.

In your terminal, change directories until you are in the root, which is '/intake' unless you re-named it and run:

    gem install bundler
    bundle

After you've ran `bundle` and Sinatra as well as the other required gems are installed, you can now start-up the application with this 

    # runs `bundle exec shotgun config.ru` behind the scenes
    CLIO_APP_KEY=<your app key you got from Clio> CLIO_APP_SECRET=<your secret key you got from Clio> rake start

This will start Sinatra Bootstrap on Sinatra's default port 9393 with the appropriate API keys. You can now view the application in your web browser at this URL [http://localhost:9393](http://localhost:9393).

Additionally, if you wan't to pretty things up. You'll also want to open a new terminal window to the same directory and run the Compass watch rake task so we can monitor our Sass files for changes.

    rake styles:watch

Or you just run `compass watch`, either work.

## Helper Rake Tasks - From Sinatra Bootstrap

There are a few helper Rake tasks that will help you to clear and compile your Sass stylesheets as well as a few other helpful tasks. There is also a generate task, so you can generate a new project at a defined location based on the bootstrap.

    rake -T
    
    rake generate                   # Generate a new project at dir=foo
    rake start                      # Start the application
    rake styles:clear               # Clear the styles
    rake styles:compile             # Compile new styles
    rake styles:compile:production  # Compile new styles for production
    rake styles:list                # List the styles
    rake styles:stats               # Run compass stats
    rake styles:stats:log           # Create a log of compass stats
    rake styles:watch               # Watch the styles and compile new changes

## License

Copyright (c) 2012 Nicholas Shook

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.